Actions remaining for release of v0.8
-------------------------------------------------
This is more of a general todo list so that I (John) can prioritise changes 
and stick to a release date. See code documentation for a full list of @todos. 
Al full list of bugs is in the forum bug tracker.
The "DONE" section only contains changes in the final run-up to release

TODO
--------

Hooks: Double-phpBB reported. Integration mode not fully set up in head.

Cache: Ability to purge. Auto-purge on wizard run

Widgets: Login box not using correct styles
Widgets: Latest forum topics not showing topic titles on full page reverse integration, but styled OK
Widgets: Latest posts widget not styling properly, but showing titles OK 
Widgets: No linebreaks/lis in forum stats widget

Plugin fixes: Repeat for WPMU plugins
Plugin fixes: Combine template functions.php fixes

Plugin bugs: have_comments() is returning false when yaapc comments are enabled. Same issue when wpu-plugin is disabled, so may not be a wpu issue.

ACP: Settings page to fix and upgrade to AJAX split as with Setup Wizard
ACP: Server Error reported in IE8
ACP: Reset not working
ACP: User mapping errors reported
ACP: remove header fix, and split out "advanced" options to simplify install
ACP: Cache purge

Plugin: WP Admin link not showing on full page reverse integration in sidebar
Plugin: Logout etc. links not showing in dashboard
Plugin: Remove v0.6x flat redirection to phpBB for user editing, go back to buffering the dashboard instead
Plugin: use wp_enqueue_script for smilies etc.

Template tags: phpBB "function bar"

Full page integration: Improve settings / include blank page or option to create one (see blank page plugin). Remove "hide pages" hack

CSS Magic / template voodoo: Make filename hashes unguessable
CSS Magic: Harden and clean up wpu-style-fixer
CSS Magic: Add fixes for IE (6,7,8)

Cross-posting: Auto-link should be in comment form, not at end of post
Cross-posting: Auto-link doesn;t work on permalinked setups
Cross-posting: Merge Japgalaxy's cross-posted comments

User blogs: Check and improve dashboard

Under consideration:
Overall architecture: Remove subdomain restrictions
Overall architecture: Plugin fixes extend more general compatibility class -- to allow for simple "compatibility slider" in v0.9
Overall architecture: Script path, URL, etc. still too hard to calculate, messy
Overall architecture: General phpBB class for forum access from WP
Overall architecture: switch_db -- better to extend existing DB objects.


DONE
-------

- See SVN changelog for complete list
- Plugin-fixes: Recursive includes should only operate on files under wpu-plugin
- Plugin-fixes: Dynamic global variables detection


